literally like 10,000 drunk teenagers
out here all trying to pretend like
they're all drinking juice and water out
of their water bottles not fooling
anybody pulling nobody but the door my
building is locked the reason is because
it's crazies outside because it's
Lollapalooza there's a billion people
down here protecting sex examine
regardless we'll continue this video at
home
all right back here in Northwest Indiana
going to do some quick QA and freakin
psych course a little bit quieter and
more more serene and beautiful out here
so quick questions
I want to answer the first two people
that asked questions in the last video
asked three questions each so I'm going
to spread them out just because I wanted
to be a little bit more focused but I
want to share some that Aaron asked in
the last video so Aaron's first question
was you know is Greg Maddux awesome
because he left also like sweet hair
friend I don't care but to go into the
gym we're just doing it well we'll do it
live we'll do it live bill o'reilly
jokes ah yeah so yes this Greg Maddux a
good pitcher because he left the Cubs or
just because he's great uh Greg Maddux
is a great pitcher because he was on
that like wrecking crew Atlanta Braves
in the 90s where they were in the World
Series like five out of ten years in a
row they were insane they were like on
that Yankees streak then win as many I
don't think but like until I won one
maybe I don't remember I was a huge
Braves Dana's little kid not because
like I knew anything about them I knew
like the star players I knew like they
had Maddux and Smoltz and Avery and
Glavine and like you ever want to talk
about mid-90s sports like I'm your guy
but Greg Maddux was a beast and like I
love the Braves back then not because
they were
but because they're always the underdogs
say lost of the twins in the World
Series they lost to the Blue Jays in the
World Series like they just kept losing
and it was just like they were so good
every year so yeah Greg Maddux is a beef
I don't give a crap about the cup sure
it's going to get me in trouble at work
but like whatever Aaron's second
question is something I'm extremely
passionate about who's a better sidekick
Samwise Gamgee or Ron Weasley if you're
watching this with your kids telling
earmuff it real quick here here's how I
feel
[__] Ron Weasley that guy sucks I know
you like saved Harry Potter's life and
you know destroyed a Horcrux or so like
here's the thing is that like Harry
Potter's about Harry Potter and
everybody thinks the Lord of the Rings
is about Frodo it's not like Sam was the
only one who like gave the ring back
when he had it like he could have kept
it he was the only he carried Frodo up
the side of a freakin Mountain up side
of a volcano to throw the ring in there
like he had nothing to gain he also has
my favorite quote ever in like all of
the Lord of the Rings movies it sucks
because it's not even in the book but
it's good writing they put it in the
movie here it is
this is s this is what
if I take one more step it'll be the
farthest away from home I've ever been
yeah so that's like amazing right and
he's such a good character and he's so
much better than Ron Weasley like if you
the fact that we are comparing Harry
Potter to Lord of the Rings oh yeah
sorry not to disrespect the question we
just got to take a stand here all right
Lord of the Rings is always better than
Harry Potter always the last question is
something else that I am incredibly
passionate about I'm a businessman bit
businessman I'm a businessman a
businessman I do businessman talking
business too ma'am
Erin asked you know said he's starting a
social media management business and
he's doing it for free for a couple
people now but how did you get his first
paying client so the best way for me to
answer that is just explain to you how I
got my first paying client I got fun a
nice little tree some beautiful little
shade here so I got my first paying
client for SEO by working for people for
free I got asked about this on a really
cool podcast the other day for
photographers and they said like what do
you think about free work you know a lot
of people want you to do free work for
the exposure and it's you know the joke
is like well people die from exposure
like I don't think you should ever work
for exposure when people ask you to do
it I think you work for exposure when
you seek those people out I have done a
ton of free work I've done a ton of free
work for people that I think I can
provide value for or I can provide value
to their audience and I seek those
people out right people who have
audiences that I want to like do awesome
stuff for or like entrepreneurs who have
given me a lot of value and I want to
give back to them
I've done a lot of that kind of stuff
and I always seek that out I want to do
more of that because like I just think
that like you do enough of that over
time you know you really care
doing that free work is what's going to
get you the paid work here's how you
turn it into paid work you get the free
work you get really good results you
quantify those results right don't just
say like oh they did better like say I
got them 42,000 dollars in revenue like
I was able to get one photographer one
of my like good friends for a long time
I helped her in his business with SEO he
made $42,000 mo
or than he would have liked our baseline
numbers 42,000 more revenue based on my
work then he had made previously and
then I just market the heck out of that
case study I just share that with
everybody and that's what you should be
doing right it you know you can go to
photo MBA net and look at the $42,000
case study on there and just model that
model the exact way it's written the
pictures that I use the story that I
tell everything but just fill in your
details of what like you've done for
your client don't use BS metrics about
like reach and views and impressions
like you know that crap doesn't matter
if you're doing social media management
especially like on Facebook I need sales
I need you to go into the Google
Analytics and I need you to track like
how many conversions are coming in
baseline from Facebook marketing and
then like how much it is now don't tell
me they got more likes and more
followers or any of that crap that's not
business like tell me like how you
change their bottom line and then when
you share that enough when you were able
to say like hey man you know I worked
with a local car dealership on social
media management and they sold 200 more
cars at this time last year because of
the work that I did that's amazing and
then you approach other car dealerships
for that kind of work and eventually you
do enough SEO that people outside of
that industry start working and sorry I
said SEO like whatever that's what I do
you do enough social media stuff like
people outside of that industry start
reaching out to you I would say like
right now a half to two-thirds of my
clients are photographers and the rest
are just other people I get to work with
these amazing online entrepreneurs and
other people that you know find value in
my work and that's amazing but that's
how I would start it's just it's a
couple simple steps its seek somebody
out you know can provide value for you
can provide value for that will actually
make them money don't try to get some
like person that maybe you'll make them
500 bucks like that's not a compelling
case study find somebody you can make
some serious cash for so that's step one
offer to work for them for free then
step three is set a baseline do really
great work step
or step 5 make that case study and I
guess step 6 would just be like share
that everywhere everywhere you can make
compelling content that then links to
that teach people how to do what you do
but then link to your case study anyway
you can dress wow I'm like really
willing in my camera and that's kind of
unwatchable that's what I get for trying
to to go one-handed so like I don't know
I that's what I've done and I've done it
with a lot of success and I make a lot
more money now having done that then
anything I try to do previously with
coaching or digital products or anything
like that then client services is the
way to go I think it's a real business
not that any of those other things
aren't but like you can't fake the funk
your other getting results for your
clients or you're not so Aaron I hope
that's super helpful I am looking
forward to answering other questions
next week on on Friday or whatever Q&A
Friday I don't [__] it I don't even know
I don't even know what I'm doing it's so
nice amateur hour and I love it ask
questions below ask questions in the
comments below I have a couple more
questions I'm going to answer from the
last time I asked people to do this but
I'd love to keep this going if this has
been beneficial for you you have
questions about getting SEO clients
social media clients how to start an
agency like I love to talk about more
about that stuff provide more value to
you who just spent probably freaking 5
to 10 minutes watching this craziness
so yeah hit me up in the comments below
if you want to like and subscribe like
that's that's really my oxygen that's
what tells me I'm doing good if you can
just give me you know when I see I get a
hundred views on a video and one thumbs
up like that sucks but you know the
thumbs up ratio and the subscriber ratio
really means a lot I'm just going to
keep pumping out content that I know
I'll show you how to you know run a
business and still have an awesome life
and I'll show you how to work full-time
and run a side hustle and I'll show you
how to do what I do
I've been Brendon huffard don't forget
to work hard be nice to people don't
walk into a tree don't get too lost
trying to create something that matters